#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section
Prototype Video
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
A video of the prototype being used can be found here.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Flex URL
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

http://youtu.be/U63NwWMVzy4
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
New Design
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Our new design is now fully interactive, more color, and many more icons.
 The first and largest improvement is that this prototype is interactive
 - users are able to add and view any entry.
 We have achieved this using HTML, CSS and PHP, with an Apache Web Server
 and SQLite Database.
 Sadly, we did not have time to make this interactivity complete - users
 are currently not able to delete entries, nor are they able to add attributes
 or relations to an entry after it has been created.
 We hope to add these features to the prototype before testing begins.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Another large change is the addition of colors, and clearer layout, and
 icons.
 We have icons for each of the navigation buttons, as well as the “Add Entry”
 and “View Details” buttons.
 Furthermore, we have added background coloring to differentiate the various
 sections of the page (menu bars, content, etc), as well as alternating
 the color of each row of our information tables, which greatly improves
 the user’s ability to match the buttons on the right to the content they
 wish to view.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Changes from the Old Design
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Most of our changes from the old design have already been discussed - we
 received a lot of feedback and the ugliness of our interface, as well as
 the problems imposed by not having a fully interactive website.
 Also, the addition of icons will hopefully make the purpose and location
 of all of our buttons clearer.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
A more subtle change is the amount of information we present on each page.
 In the previous prototype, all of the information about each entry was
 presented on the main list page - this mean there was no reason to view
 the details for any entry.
 We have changed this, now only showing the entry’s name on the list page,
 and displaying much more information on its details page.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Expected performance
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We hope that the improved appearance of the program will not affect the
 users’ opinion so dramatically, while also improving their experience.
 Larger icons are both easier to visually find, while also easier to click
 with the mouse.
 Also, we hope that the visual association will help the users achieve their
 tasks more quickly, since people process and memorize visual data more
 rapidly than textual data.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The addition of icons comes with a cost - it reduces amount of information
 that appears on each page.
 Experienced users of our website might not enjoy these changes, as their
 focus may be processing as much content as possible rather than an easy
 to understand user interface.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We also expect that adding new relations will cause problems.
 To add a relation, you need to specify the target objects that are to be
 related.
 Right now, that is done by selected the target’s type (company, job, note
 or person) and then typing the target’s name.
 If the name is not typed in correctly, the relation is not added, and silently
 fails.
 Ideally, we would like to let the user select the target from a list of
 entries of the correct type, but we did not have time to implement a feature
 this complicated.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Finally, the add page in generally is currently a bit confusing.
 When you submit your responses, it remains on the same page.
 We have not figured out how to fix this yet, but we hope to have this bug
 ironed out before our next round of usability testing.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
User Suggestions that were Rejected
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
One tester suggested that we include a “date added” field for each entry.
 He wanted this field to help him distinguish between different entries.
 We rejected this suggestion for now.
 Adding it to our current layout would make our design visually busy, especially
 since to make it useful, it would have to be on the list page of each entry
 type.
 Also, we decided that it was not likely to make much difference in most
 cases.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
A user also suggested a totally different users interface, with 3 panes,
 as mentioned at the end of the previous report.
 Though this ideas has some merits, it would have required a complete overhaul
 not only of the highest level design, but down to the semantic and syntactic
 level of the design.
 Though there may be some advantages to her suggestion, we did not have
 the ability to make such far reaching changes at this time.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Usage
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Sadly, we are not able to host this website remotely, so if you would like
 to use the demo, you will have to host it on your local machine.
 Here is an easy way to do that hosting.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Download and install XAMPP for your computer from http://www.apachefriends.org/en/
xampp.html
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
XAMPP should have created a directory somewhere called 'xampp/htdocs' which
 is the hosted directory.
 It will be at a different location depending on your OS.
 Find it.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Add our code to a subdirectory of xampp/htdocs, either by copying the code
 or cloning it from github to that directory.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Start apache using the xampp control panel.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Open start.php from the xampp/htdocs/<directory you added>/www/
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
You should now have a working demo!
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
