#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Standard
We found that, we need to chage vocabulary of our website.
 Pair of key attribute fields for objects found were found confusing by
 people who are not familiar with database concept.
 It was also difficult to populate these fields appropriately for most subjects.
 Giving less flexibality to user by making attributes predefined would would
 probably make our website easier to learn and use.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We also found that, instructions at start page is mostly skimmed or not
 read at all at the beginning.
 One subject said she wouldn't spend time on start page even we put a video
 to explain the website.
 On the other hand some subjects visited start page after they had experinced
 problems about using the system.
 This finding is an important lesson for us.
 We should try to design the website as simple and intuitive as possible
 so that users could succeed without help of instructions.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Same layout for add page of each object was also confusing for our subjects.
 Occasionally subjects had forgotten which object they are adding while
 they are populating fields.
 Highlighting regarding object icon on navigation bar would be a better
 design for preventing this confusion.
 Switching from key-attribute pair fields to object specific predetermined
 attributes for our website would mostly prevent this confussion.
 Subjects also clicked to start page to perform some object specific job
 particularly at the beginning of their experience.
 We found out that our start page icon needs relocation and resizing on
 our webpage.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
